c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\bin\Debug\POS.exe
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\bin\Debug\POS.pdb
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.CategoryAdd.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.CategoryView.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.Mainform.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.MealAdd.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.MealView.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.NumPortions.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.PermissionView.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.Print.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.QuanTypeAdd.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.QuanTypeView.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.Sale.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.UserLogin.resources
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.exe
c:\users\kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.pdb
C:\Users\Kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.ReportOptions.resources
C:\Users\Kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.InventoryAdd.resources
C:\Users\Kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.InventoryView.resources
C:\Users\Kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\bin\Debug\POS.exe.config
C:\Users\Kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
C:\Users\Kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
C:\Users\Kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.UserAdd.resources
C:\Users\Kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.ReportView.resources
C:\Users\Kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.UserView.resources
C:\Users\Kingston\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\POS\POS\obj\x86\Debug\POS.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
